what people leave. Maybe, um, maybe and sooner or later, we all retire
sooner. This later way. Jangers. 18. Personal. My over my youngest
child was formed and family, you know, being away was taking its toll.
So I was So that's family is probably the big thing about leaving,
Maybe, um, our deaths. I know that from years of sense is the ages
creature that shot down the air booth these early eighties resigned
did not serve out there 30 years. So they're they're gonna be reasons
for people personal. One of things that I just recommend to, you
know, spend a lot of time. You spent 10 years back to duty. You wanted
it out. No problems. Understand? I personally, myself, all reserves
and you'll enjoy it guaranteed.